yea
however the newspaper talks about two points
he hurt himself
she asks with the correct age delay but the strong heat
this one
give a tip is a matter you will find
douri amateur football rider is one thing but find everyone talking
but nothing at all
in the question of age as in the matter of the concise form a very small
some things are important and should be considered in our opinion
the cavalera a time to form
in two respects physically
it's the muscle hear
tendon
executioner
and mentally
or when you want to be
ready to learn horse stuff is a very curious niche that is a
learning is something that is not too difficult for him.
especially when you make a way
conducive to something happening
but it is also true that the very young
not so mentally and physically prepared
the business is delicate by cloud because each race has
a policy
of competition each race has a policy of is a culture even decides
a punctuality in your question here you speak of the quarter of a mile right
quarter mile has the future colt competition the picture was a
horse competition
who in that year are completing four years of age
to be competing with 4 units must have
not stirred
ten of the two and a half then two emails see a reference age for horses
quarter of a mile or so
some even before a little bit
more important than the age of everything you go from the sea too
considering now the mental because of the sea
it can not be a thing that does not mean mount it stayed if
rubbing on it you can get a little foal
from weaning and working on the halter work to him grandson with
exercises that are leaving and comfortable and so you
comfort him and so will you
forming this horse
however many coaches
they say that I give is something that the rest of my life and I agree
if you start with your two-year-old horse with the militias, I got the
pitico this horse will be sent with the coach showing more in our house
you have light catch
Why the rebellion in Daddy's physical
I heard tendon
finished the work was completed the formation of these particles favor
it will not develop you tighten at work the horse we talk
of the story at the time can not bear to hear that it is one
inflammation of the back, so it is only
expiration tendinitis at last
Do you always have to
it is sad much more attention than in the age in the way you will give more
points
thanks for this half legal issue is a controversial issue room across the
world
is discussing the equity that has fallen and so goes in that sea region of
itapemirim in the holy spirit at night, it's kind of good for us
however the oak would process next brazil face the official network of
your horse
yea